Wow, we have covered a lot in this course!
Let's review everything we've discussed.
You learned about networks, network
architecture, and the best practices used
by security professionals to secure
a network against security breaches.
As we bring this course to a close,
let's review what you've learned
about security networks so far.
First, we explored
the structure of a network.
A security analyst must understand how
a network is designed to be able to
identify parts of a network that present
vulnerabilities and need to be secured.
Next, we learned about
network operations and
how they affect the communication of data.
Network protocols determine how the data
is transmitted over the network.
As communication takes place over the
network, malicious actors may use tactics
such as denial of service attacks,
packet sniffing, and IP spoofing.
Security analysts employ tools and
measures such as firewall rules
to protect against these attacks.
We also discussed security hardening.
Security hardening is used to reduce
the attack area of a network.
This means the attack does not
disable an entire network.
Security hardening can be done at
the hardware level, the software level, or
the network level.
Securing networks is an essential
part of a security analyst's duties.
Knowledge of a network and its operations
and security practices will ensure that
you are successful in your
career as a security analyst.
And that brings us to
the topic of our next course,
which will cover computing basics for
security analysts.
In that course, you'll learn how to use
the Linux command line to authenticate and
authorize users on the network, and
to use S-Q-L,
otherwise known as SQL,
to communicate with databases.
Great work getting here!
All of the concepts you've learned in
this section will be essential for
success in your role as security analyst.
Now you can move on to the next course.
Enjoy!